What does HBO stand for?
HBO stands for Home Box Office. This name reflects HBO’s origins, which emphasized airing uncut, ad-free movies. Today, HBO is known for providing a wide array of home entertainment, from blockbuster movies to award-winning series.
Who owns HBO?
HBO is a subsidiary of Home Box Office, Inc., which is owned by Warner Bros. Discovery.
What happened to HBO Max?
HBO Max is now Max. The enhanced service is still home to all of HBO, but now your favorite shows and movies are living alongside a wide range of crave-worthy genres. These include reality, lifestyle, food, true crime, and more. If you were an HBO Max subscriber, you’ll automatically get Max. Learn more about the service here.
The last few minutes get cut off when I record HBO shows. Are there any tips for recording?
Sometimes, HBO programs may run for longer than their scheduled times. To make sure your recordings don't cut off the end of a show, we recommend setting your device to stop recording five minutes after the show is scheduled to end. (For example, if Succession is scheduled to end at 9:30 PM, program your recorder to turn off at 9:35 PM.) Consult the manual for your DVR or other recording device for information about allowing additional time for scheduled recordings.
You can check our TV schedule online to get an idea of when programs will begin and end. But, please note, due to the unpredictable nature of live events, the actual start and stop time of live programming can vary significantly from the scheduled times.
Is HBO programming available for use in the classroom?
Many HBO documentary titles are available for educational use through Films for the Humanities & Sciences.
How can I get an autographed picture of someone on an HBO program or send them a personal letter?
We do not provide direct contact information for people affiliated with our programming. However, some performers and producers may provide us with an address for fan mail. In those cases, we’re happy to forward them any fan mail we receive. Whether or not they respond (and in what manner) is entirely up to them.
How can I visit the set of an HBO show?
As a rule, we do not make shooting locations open to the public. Concerts and sporting events do have an audience, but ticket sales are typically handled by the promoter of the event, not by us.
Where does HBO hold casting calls for its programs?
Generally, production companies are responsible for casting. How and where they choose to announce casting sessions varies and is up to them.
How can I submit an idea for a movie or show to HBO?
We do not accept submissions directly — all submissions to HBO must come through an agent. Therefore, we suggest that all scripts, screenplays, treatments, dramatizations, anecdotes, treatises, rousing yarns, fables, inspiring narratives, thrilling legends, sagas, epic poetry, intriguing whodunits, newspaper articles, one-act plays, short stories, skits, and novellas be sent to the literary agency of your choice.
How can I get information on the music used for HBO programs and promos?
The music featured in programs is usually credited in closing credits, but sometimes producers may withhold the information in anticipation of releasing a compilation soundtrack (as was done with the first season of The Sopranos). Whenever possible, the episode information for a program will include the music credits and track information along with a corresponding Apple Music link.
Many promos use excerpts from commercially-available music, but some are scored with original tunes and are unavailable for download.
How much does HBO cost?
There are multiple Max plans to choose from. Visit Max.com to compare plans and view pricing information.
You can also subscribe to HBO through your television provider. In that case, costs can vary, and you’ll need to contact your provider for pricing details.
Can I get HBO outside of the United States?
Building on its strong position in the US, Home Box Office has become a major player in the expanding international media arena. Currently, HBO programming is available in parts of Asia, South Asia, Central Europe, and Latin America.
Where can I buy HBO Official Licensed Merchandise?
HBO licensed merchandise is generally distributed to specialty and gift stores, midto upper-level department stores, catalogs, and online retailers, including the HBO Shop. In the HBO Shop, you’ll find the official merch for all of your favorite HBO Originals, from Game of Thrones to The White Lotus.
Who licenses merchandise for HBO shows?
HBO Licensing & Retail is the merchandising and licensing arm of Home Box Office. It oversees the development and marketing of Officially Licensed Merchandise for retail sale. HBO Licensing & Retail works very closely with its licensees, and with HBO programming executives and talent, to ensure the highest quality merchandise possible.
For more information please contact:
HBO Licensing & Retail
Director, Licensing & Retail
30 Hudson Yards
New York, NY 10001
I have a great idea for a licensed product. How can I obtain a license to manufacture and distribute merchandise related to HBO programming?
HBO Licensing & Retail does not accept unsolicited product ideas or samples. Licenses are granted and negotiated on an individual basis after a thorough evaluation by HBO Licensing & Retail.
What categories of merchandise is HBO Licensing & Retail interested in licensing?
HBO Licensing & Retail has licensed, or would be interested in licensing, most categories of merchandise, including: apparel, publishing, housewares, interactive games, electronics, paper goods, gifts and novelties, collectibles, toys and games, sporting goods, food and beverage, and health and beauty products. Some categories may not be appropriate for every licensing program. A partial list of HBO licensed merchandise can be found at the HBO Shop.
Which departments handle the development and distribution of soundtracks and Home Video/DVD?
HBO Licensing & Retail develops soundtracks, and DVDs and videos are managed by HBO Home Entertainment.
Stream all of HBO, plus hit series, movies, reality, and more.